     Apache UIMA Annotator Package Version 2.3.0 README for Source Distribution
     --------------------------------------------------------------------------

For general instructions about building the Apache UIMA Sandbox projects 
from the sources, please refer to:
http://incubator.apache.org/uima/svn.html#building.with.maven

The Sandbox project is set up to be buildable only in conjuction with the
base UIMA project.  Both must be placed in the same parent directory.
The individual projects of both source distributions (for example, uimaj-distr, and
SandboxDistr) will then end up in the same parent directory.  This arrangement, 
which differs from the usual Maven conventions, is adopted because
the Eclipse workspace needs to have all projects at a single hierarchical level.

Before building the Sandbox projects, you need to build the
base UIMA projects on which the sandbox depends, if you are building a level which is not already
released.  

To build the Sandbox projects,
  cd to SandboxDistr/annotator-package, and do mvn install

To work with eclipse additionally:
  issue the command: mvn eclipse:eclipse
  
To build the distribution
  checkout the sandbox projects, and move them (if necessary) into
  the same directory as the uima base checkout.
  
  first build the Sandbox projects:
    cd SandboxDistr/annotator-package
    mvn install 
  then do mvn -N assembly:assembly

-------------------------
Using source files with distributed JARS

For debugging, many IDEs allow associating source code with Java
class files.  This can be done for these components in several ways.

The easiest way is to build your project using Maven, and get the
uima artifacts from the incubator maven repository, which as of the
2.3.0 release includes the sources.  

Alternatively, you can put the sources into 
the Jar files, or you can create a big archive of all the sources and
tell the IDE to use this archive to find the source files.

  Adding sources to Jar files
  ---------------------------
If you have installed both the Apache UIMA Sandbox package binary 
distribution and the Apache UIMA Sandbox source distribution, 
you can run the addSourceJars.bat (or .sh) script to add the 
source code to the Jar files in the UIMA_HOME/lib directory.  

  Creating one archive with all the source files
  ----------------------------------------------
If you have installed the base UIMA sources as well, into the same
parent directory, you can run the script in the base UIMA directory
packageAllJavaSourcesIntoJar to package all the sources, including
both the base and Sandbox, into one Jar.  This Jar may be then
specified to Eclipse, for instance, as the location of sources.

DISCLAIMER

Apache UIMA is an effort undergoing incubation at The Apache Software
Foundation (ASF). Incubation is required of all newly accepted projects
until a further review indicates that the infrastructure, communications,
and decision making process have stabilized in a manner consistent with
other successful ASF projects. While incubation status is not necessarily
a reflection of the completeness or stability of the code, it does
indicate that the project has yet to be fully endorsed by the ASF.

