For instructions on building Apache UIMA-AS please refer to:
http://incubator.apache.org/uima/svn.html#building.with.maven

Those instructions will enable building the uima core, which is
needed by this project.

To build this project, first build the UIMA core, and then
do the following steps:

1) either check out of SVN the following projects into the same 
"workspace" directory that you checked out the base UIMA:
   - uima-as-distr
   - uimaj-as
   - uimaj-as-activemq
   - uimaj-as-core
   - uimaj-as-jms
   - uimaj-ep-deployeditor
   - uimaj-ep-runtime-deployeditor
   
   or, unzip the source distribution into the same workspace.
   
2) cd to the uimaj-as project, and do mvn install
3) To work with eclipse, following step 2), do mvn eclipse:eclipse
4) To build the distribution, follow the setup instructions on
http://incubator.apache.org/uima/svn.html#build.distribution and 
then cd to uima-as-distr and do mvn assembly:assembly

-------------------------

If you have installed both the Apache UIMA-AS binary distribution and the
Apache UIMA-AS source distribution, you can run the addSourceJars.bat 
(or .sh) script to add the source code to the jar files in the 
UIMA_HOME/lib directory.  This may make it more convenient to access
the UIMA Source Code (and JavaDocs) from an IDE such as Eclipse.

See the NOTICE file for licensing information.

Apache UIMA is an effort undergoing incubation at The Apache Software
Foundation (ASF). Incubation is required of all newly accepted projects
until a further review indicates that the infrastructure, communications,
and decision making process have stabilized in a manner consistent with
other successful ASF projects. While incubation status is not necessarily
a reflection of the completeness or stability of the code, it does
indicate that the project has yet to be fully endorsed by the ASF.

Crypto Notice
-------------

   This distribution includes cryptographic software.  The country in 
   which you currently reside may have restrictions on the import, 
   possession, use, and/or re-export to another country, of 
   encryption software.  BEFORE using any encryption software, please 
   check your country's laws, regulations and policies concerning the
   import, possession, or use, and re-export of encryption software, to 
   see if this is permitted.  See <http://www.wassenaar.org/> for more
   information.

   The U.S. Government Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry and
   Security (BIS), has classified this software as Export Commodity 
   Control Number (ECCN) 5D002.C.1, which includes information security
   software using or performing cryptographic functions with asymmetric
   algorithms.  The form and manner of this Apache Software Foundation
   distribution makes it eligible for export under the License Exception
   ENC Technology Software Unrestricted (TSU) exception (see the BIS 
   Export Administration Regulations, Section 740.13) for both object 
   code and source code.

   The following provides more details on the included cryptographic
   software:
   
   This distribution includes portions of Apache ActiveMQ, which, in
   turn, is classified as being controlled under ECCN 5D002.
